Small little amendments to the topics within the conceptual section … (#7)
postsharp/Metalama.Documentation: conceptual/deployment/distributing.md

When your project uses aspects, you need to consider whether the projects that _reference_ your projects will also need to use aspects just because of this reference.

> 

Reviewer: I'm following the terminology used by Microsoft: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files

> <!--- I'm wondering if Transmitting would be better than flowing so here youd have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <!--- ## Transmitting the use of Aspects   and the first line would be Your project may _transmit_  -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Your project has public classes that have _reference validators_.
* Your project contains a _transitive project fabric_ or references a project that contains one.

If this is the case in your project, you do not need to take any action. Your package reference to `Metalama.Framework` will flow to the consumers of your project.

> <!-- then this becomes  ##Preventing the transmission of the use of Aspects  -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Avoiding to flow the use of aspects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Preventing the transitive use of aspects
```

> If, conversely, the consumers of your project will _not_ need to use aspects just because of your project, you can prevent the `Metalama.Framework` <!--- and this becomes from transmitting aspects to --> to flow to the consumers of your project by setting the `PrivateAssets="all"` property to the package reference. Additionally, you need to include the `Metalama.Framework.Redist` package, which is the only package that needs to flow to consumers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, conversely, the consumers of your project will _not_ need to use aspects just because of your project, you can prevent the `Metalama.Framework` from flowing to the consumers of your project by setting the `PrivateAssets="all"` property to the package reference. Additionally, you need to include the `Metalama.Framework.Redist` package, which is the only package that needs to flow to consumers.
```
